# MyMedCalendar Application

## Introduction
**MyMedCalendar** is a comprehensive full-stack application designed to manage medication schedules, drug information, and patient profiles. It simplifies the tracking and administration of medications through a user-friendly interface.

## Prerequisites
Before you begin deployment, ensure you have:
- **Microsoft SQL Server** installed as it's required for the application's data storage.

## Deployment Instructions

### Step 1: Clone the Repository
Clone the source code from its repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourrepository/MyMedCalendar.git
```

### Step 2: Navigate to the Project Directory
Change into the project directory where the project's `.csproj` file is located:
```
cd MyMedCalendar
```

### Step 3: Publish the Application
Run the following command in the terminal within the project directory:
```bash
dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x64 --self-contained true /p:PublishTrimmed=false
```

This will compile the application into a self-contained executable suitable for a Windows x64 environment.

## Getting Started
Once deployed, run the executable generated by the `dotnet publish` command to start the application.
```
"\MyMedCalendar\bin\Release\net8.0\win-x64\publish\MyMedCalendar.exe"
```

Open your favorite Internet Browser and visit:
```http://localhost:5000```

Enjoy the application!

## Basic Functionality
**MyMedCalendar** offers:

- **User Registration and Management**: Manage profiles and access medication schedules.
- **Medication Scheduling**: Create and manage schedules, set reminders, and view upcoming medication events in a calendar view.
- **Drug Management**: Add a new drug.
- **Doctor Access** *(planned feature)*: Allows doctors to access and edit patient calendars and prescriptions.

## Features Table
| Feature | Description |
| ------- | ----------- |
| User Management | Register and manage user profiles, with access to personal medication schedules. |
| Drug Information | Maintain a comprehensive database of drugs, with the option to add entries. |
| Medication Schedules | Schedule medications, combine any of them and view them in a calendar. |
| Doctor Collaboration | *Future*: Doctors will be able to view and manage patient information and prescriptions. |





